I just wanted to tell you we have made a dummy of the new journal.
It will be larger, it shall be one centimeter more.
I don't know what it is in English.
How does Biblis translate?
Biblis?
Well, it's not possible to translate because it's just a nickname.
It has a nickname of Bibliotek as a library.
It's a nickname for the Swedish word for library.
For books.
Make them for books.
Joey, we made some sketches here for what it would look like.
Quite... Now, are you going to try and market this?
Yes, very heavy.
But before these... They are about... Subscribers.
Yes, we raised the subscribers from 1,000 to 1,500.
That's 50%.
But then it has fallen again because we haven't had... Well, since I'm... I haven't got time to... Put a woman on the cover.
Yeah, probably.
My idea is... Reading a book naked, reading a book, you sell it.
My idea is that you get rid of the 1500 straddles a day and you get 4,000 new ones.
Because they see how it works with...
Do you have a community of bibliophiles?
No, I don't think so.
What do you mean by community?
A group of people.
We're here now.
Yes, we're here.
I'm here.
In the old days, it covers a cell.
I mean, it's like... There are very few.
I know of two very limited groups.
One started in 1963.
And one of the most famous librarians also started the rare book department of the Royal Library.
His name is Sten G. Wimberg.
He had a group around him which is called, from his initial, SGL.
When he had chosen the men, I think it was about 20.
By invitation.
Yes, by 20 elections.
It wasn't in that... It was about 20 of them at the beginning.
And they went to different libraries and looked at books.
But you don't have a club like they call their club?
No, not that way.
Ten years ago, I started another group which is called Argentine Society, which is no society at all.
It's a parody.
You see, I can't phone a cow at a casa and say,
I would like to see your books in your library.
It's definitely impossible.
But I can send a very beautiful letter from the Vargeting Society and ask that the members are very interesting to see his imposing library.
Vargety is the father of demographics.
Yes, yes.
And we have been now
He was living in Austria and Bohemia.
And we looked at 12 roster libraries which have never been opened to other people.
It's the highest amount, what you call it, they opened the doors and we looked at
extremely fine yes it's a name yes and he was the secretary of the swedish academy of science so it's named after a person yes he was a man on the demographics
I understand.
I can't tell you.
Someone asked me, there is no society for Varginthine, he told me, a friend.
Yes, I said.
When?
Yes, now.
It's not now.
We have no connection inside the library.
Yes.
I mean, the first issue will arrive in February, March of this new journal.
And what you could say is that it's a pity that it's printed in Swedish because you always reach a rather small amount of people and it's worth it.
It's really nice to look at it.
It's impenetrable, remember that word?
It's a piece of art.
It's wonderful.
I'll bet the articles are great and I would probably... Uwe has written a lot of them, really.
But in this last issue that is at the binders right now, Nicholas Barker has written on the book collector.
I've interviewed him a couple of times, but is it in English?
No, we have translated it well.
Now what you should have done is also published it in English.
Well, I think it has been published in English, really.
I don't know if it was in the book collector.
I see.
I started, in fact, a book, a rare book, in 1985, which has, no, no, no, it's in Greece, I have never been in Greece.
They have only been talking about it.
I've been talking in English, and it's called Slotabata.
And I have... It's not there.
One day I saw it.
But I had to collect some friends.
Because it's impossible to do alone.
Like a phoenix bird, it will rise again.
Yes.
And when it will start, I think it will be the most finest book.
My book, Walletfield.
Yeah, what is it?
Through freedom.
Go down by the ground again.
If I may take a while.
Yes, we thought it.
Yes, but we should... I don't know if you know that the Bookfriend is a magazine for a book society.
You can tell that.
Oh, maybe, yes.
So it's... But which is now finished.
That's finished, but a new... But the society exists.
They are sort of mixed between two... A merge.
A merge between...
The problem with those book magazines, I think, is the same as within librarians, that after a while, it will handle more about literature than books.
For instance, a book monthly review, you know that.
Today, it's mostly about literature.
From the start, it handled much about old books and science books and medical books, everything.
But today it's mostly detective and such things.
Stories in Canada.
Which is also very good, but there is no real magazine about old books.
I don't know.
Yes, because you have... Then it's my... I propose that this is Lars Jöngren, and I think that if we should finish here,
we could go up to the library room and go up not to the heaven from this more or less hell... Just give us a little brief introduction for yourself.
The background is that I were working in the same antiquarian firm as Ove, but only a year after him, in five years.
I've been studying history and so on, and even I'm an educated librarian, and I've worked in different historical libraries.
But then, as I make this a short note, I think I should speak a bit more about my work when we go up to the library room.
Okay, fine.
Sounds good to me.
But you could state your name as well.
Yeah.
He's going to give me his card, too.
Oh.
Yes, he'll get my, yes, I think.
Right now you're five.
So?
Right now you're number five.
I'm number five, yes.
I'm going to match number five.
I know your name, but I want to spell it properly.
Yes.
I need the cards.
If you take care of this one, so it is left.
Have you been here before?
You've never been here before.
I'm just amazed about it.
Do you know much about the library?
No, I've seen it before you come.
Is it an old library?
Okay, so here we are.
I speak about the modern world part.
And Matt speaks about the old part.
This is the old collection.
This is pretty exceptional.
I could begin to say that inside there we have the old collection and the other chart.
This is
a few books by especially the interest, we think, that is picked out here so you could easily see them.
And we now could hear so I could make a statement that is written.
On the other side, what he says, I say, I always make a difference between a library that is a museum that is one that is for historical research.
And this one is in the first hand for historical research.
Even if you are very glad and happy to have open beautiful books, our first aim from the Academy's point of view is to respond and to work for the studies in the history of other countries.
And these books are one background for these studies.
And we have several others.
Can I just interrupt?
Give me some background on the academy.
The academy then, its work in 1813 had some small societies in the earlier times, but it was grounded to expand the work
with agriculture here, because a lot of people were having difficulty in fame and so on.
And it is a private foundation.
So, and the health question today at the academy is not the history,
It always has been the future.
But my part is to look backwards.
And we work for the studies or the history
I give you a small booklet.
So your library is a historical library?
Yes, but with many new books.
And then we go up to the book room.
I can show you the sorts of books that we are buying.
What is the size of your collection?
Just roughly.
Say...
the monographs about the kilometers and then periodicals and other kilometers.
But what's that about?
40,000 volumes?
Yeah, you almost count about 40 to 50 volumes to every meter.
And the old books that Matsa is speaking about here are a collection of about 200 meters, all in the agrarian fields, more or less.
So we count in terms of meters?
Yes.
How many meters altogether again?
That's 40,000.
About 1,000 meters monographs and 1,000 periodicals.
That's 40,000 periodicals.
That's not meters, that's period, that's numbers.
So this is a bit different from those libraries I've been working in now.
The Karolinska Institute, for instance.
That is a modern research library, the greatest in Scandinavia, with, I think, several thousands of students every day coming for research.
So that is, I think, the problem also for the librarians.
They have no idea about their own connections.
So it's a bit...
So we have a very specified area we're working in.
The problem with the Karolinska Institute is that they are all of the library working to get new knowledge.
Who basically are your readers here?
They are researchers and students in the historical and cultural interdisciplinarity.
And also modern researchers that need a background.
For example, the research in the forestry, as they have a 100 years view for the trees growing up and so on, they are interested to see how early researchers were working.
Also the history of economics and other things about agriculture.
Can I drop your card?
No, you should get the English one.
If you might speak about those ones, then I'll speak more about the library.
I'll show you some books from different fields of the collections and there is a lot of books that is not
really agricultural for me.
But they are beautiful.
I think these are horticulture anyhow.
Are any of these books that you found that you provided here?
No, no.
I'm not selling anything.
I'm buying the bibliographic material from you.
I see.
You're not buying so many books?
No, no.
Look at the colour that American botanical sketches make.
Yes, it's really nice.
These are lithographs?
What did you say?
Yeah.
It's handcaps, handcaps.
Really?
They are not lithographs.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
It's the engravings.
Wow, that's magnificent.
1811, look at the condition of that.
This is one of the earliest books on fruits.
It's really a nice book.
Magnificent.
So how did these come into the collection?
Donations.
All of it, more or less.
It has been, the library has been
the hand library and the research library for the academy from 1813 and so on.
But it had been completed with a lot of donations with older books and more spectacular books.
And this one, which you look at now.
The same thing as what I told about.
For instance, a professor in 1813, he donated his collection.
But in that collection was also books from the early 16th century.
Sure.
And the Academy also gets some whole library.
Yes.
The Stockholm Gaffner Society, and the... For the culture.
And you kept all the book plates, which is nice, too.
Yes, it's really nice.
And this is a really nice book.
How old was this book?
1684.
It looked 17th century, at least.
Yes, and it's...
The flora in Sweden.
Is that an original binding?
You see, how primitive, if I may say so, we were.
This is the first illustration of the flora.
Really?
And it's not so easy to see what you see.
At least it's a fact of a hard one.
It's for medical use.
I see.
It's really a nice pocket.
I've got those ones so that it's more international, especially this one.
Oh, this is gorgeous.
Here I think you see two of the most expensive botanical books in the world.
This is Redoutes, Le Liliac, printed in 200 copies.
You have one of those here in this collection?
Yes, this is ours.
Wow, that's very impressive.
And on the botanical auction recently... At least a million dollars.
Yes, it was 154,000 pounds.
Have one.
That's your friends.
And this is a special plant.
Yes, the same picture.
I'll just take a couple of them.
I have a curious story about this special plant if you are interested.
This plant came from north of Peru in South America and it was sent to Linnaeus in Uppsala.
At that time we had a pupil whose name was Johan Frank.
And he was very clever, but very poor.
And he had got help from the countryside where he came from, from Jonas Ahlströmer, one of the richest men in Sweden at that time.
And he had written his dissertation on botany for Linnaeus.
Linnaeus wanted to have a name on this plant.
He told Johan Falk, shouldn't we call it Alströmeria?
From his family name.
Yes, it was called Alströmeria.
From Alströmeria.
Then he took his examiner and it was very good.
But Mr. Falk, he was...
at times very down and very high.
I think he used some of the drugs, drugs in the plants, you know, which I think many medical men did at that time.
I've never heard that before, but it sounds perfectly... He was chosen to follow Mr. Forsgård from Arabia to see the...
the pupil of the Nears who was chosen to follow the Danish expedition to Arabia, one of the greatest expeditions of that time.
But he didn't, in some way.
It was very lucky for him because all of them died.
Isn't this three volumes or four volumes?
Do you have all volumes of this?
It should be 488 plates.
So it's all in one volume?
I don't know, I haven't collected it.
It should be 488 plates.
But then in Petersburg, in Russia,
and went on, Empress Katharina sent them out to different places.
And one day they found him made in suicide by cutting off his throat.
He cut his own throat.
In the same time, to be sure.
That was the end of Falk who named Ostermelia.
We could have a short look at them.
Look at the binding.
I wouldn't say that it's so cute.
Interesting, maybe.
I write about this book and my book, how one of these was cut up and stolen.
These things are worth so much.
You have no idea how valuable this book is.
1860 or 1860?
So have you a short look at this one too?
Yes, it's true.
Yes, I can show you the title.
It's also one of the best botanical works in the 18th century.
But he was the one who discovered the best botanical painter in the whole century.
And it was also Dionysus Eretz who painted for Linnaeus.
We met in Hardervik.
And later on at Clifford, at the camp.
What year is this?
This is the 18th century?
Yes.
And Troy, he was a mecenat for all botanical and natural history artists.
in Nuremberg in Germany.
So Germany became the greatest center for botanical and natural history illustration, I think, in whole Europe during the 18th century.
Look at these.
Spectacular.
I've never seen this one before.
The greatest botanical books of the 18th century.
And what do they call it?
Plantas, that's what I will tell you.
and his name is Troy, T-R-E-W.
Yeah.
He was a physician.
He was nothing about.
And his great library went there to Irrefour, the central library, and helped.
He's blessed all over the world since then.
One of the greatest libraries ever since then.
Yeah.
How do you change subject?
This book we were talking about the Swedish enterprises in America and this book is an economical treatise, the first economical treatise in Sweden by Riesing.
He was governor for a period in Delaware in New Sweden.
But this was after
when he had went back to Sweden.
I just wrote it down, I'll check it out.
This is probably one of the...
What can I say?
The most curious Swedish book.
This is not a printed book.
Is this a printed book?
Yes, it's printed there.
It almost looks like a manuscript, doesn't it?
Yes, it's done in wood.
Blocks.
It's the first time since Gutenberg.
with movable types, such a thing.
How old is this?
He was made by himself in wood.
And I think he's the only example made likely in the whole world.
Who is he again?
In 1772, Wolfschmidt.
Wolfschmidt.
He's not so international now.
Not at all.
But this is a catalogue of his inventions.
Yeah.
And he was too poor that he couldn't afford to print it.
Are any of these inventions with us today, do you think?
A description of how to kill rats and so on.
Yes, this is a rat killer.
A rat here and it goes down in the water.
Make a better maltrap, as they say.
Yes.
And...
But it's also a very beautiful book.
In the history of book printing, it's really unique in the world.
I mean, not only... Well, what makes it unique?
I mean, how you can find any book like this printed by an author himself, where all the letters are carved in letters and printed by movable types.
Moveable in wood Well movable is metal so this can't be This is movable wood I understand, I get it It was made in Korea in the 14th century That's right Since that I know other examples Harvard
It's a prudeness invention.
How many copies of this are known?
Very few of those.
But it's a special book in Swedish written about this man and his copies.
It was about...
Five editions or six editions of his book.
But it was printed by normal printers.
But this is the only edition which is printed by your own types.
This edition is only, I think, about three editions known.
One is his, one is the Royal Library, and one is his, I'm the only two.
In a most ironic way.
He's not remembered for his inventions, but his book about his inventions.
Yes, that's right.
Piece of art.
What was Wolfsmitz's first name?
Wolfsmitz, he was Jacob.
Pontus.
And this is definitely Swedish, right?
J-A-K-O-B.
Yes, and Pontus.
P-O-U-S.
Yes.
Wolfschmidt.
What was the name of the song?
He was Royal.
Not drawing, he was... There is one collector whose name was Van Sturm in Sweden, one of the greatest during this century.
He collected Bundesdolpe by Wolfschmidt in a made of great cattle and had a census of all known copies.
And Wolfsch told me that at the end of that book is a summary in English.
Oh really?
What's the title once more of this book?
It's the farmers' poll.
But not as fine as you call them.
It's a hemp.
You could have it like a pole.
A help for the farmer.
Yes, farmer's helper is the idea.
Have trouble.
They go down and you have to rebind them.
And here is an example for how we have sold that.
A very good book by a woman in the south of Sweden that are rebounding the books in the paper bands, as you see here.
And she chooses the color of the papers from the period they are coming from.
And they are bound in the same way as books were bound for 100 and 200 years.
So if you had to rebound them about 50 years or 100 years, you could do that without the, it would be any trouble.
You use, for example, the old forms of the limb.
Glove.
Glove, yes, and so on.
And you use a paper here that is by the syra.
Anacetic.
Yes, ethic.
Exactly.
And so on.
So it should be... You could use it and reuse it several times.
So... That's nice.
Yeah.
Because I think this is also an interesting and important part.
You look at the old, nice books.
Oh, this is a working library.
Yes, that's another part of it.
So you must use them in research and by... Scholars.
...in Italian.
And this...
She then takes away, for instance, the frog wrappers, she don't cut down them.
They are uncut and with wrappers in sales.
So she's respecting the integrity of the boat.
Yes.
Even the back, see you here.
Very nice.
Yes.
Should we have a hastily look at the who collection?
The witch?
They are organized so that you could find them by subject, for example.
You could see the potato literature and so on.
An interview about goats and so on.
Veterinary science and...
But even weeds and so on.
Botanical literature.
These are all great words for a writer.
Goats, potatoes.
Pure agrarian.
I love it.
The good thing is that even I do it.
Complete body and husbandry.
Yes.
Taking it randomly.
The interesting thing with this old...
collection, it is not the Swedish part, because the royal library always has got a lot more items than we have.
But we have the connection with the lot of books in English, German, and French, under the same roof, organized so you can find it, as we said earlier.
That is the best quality with this old collection.
And often it's only a copy of the books in Sweden.
Yes.
In our area.
I like these compact shells.
Yes.
I would show you one thing here.
I think that Mats picked the copies.
Yes.
This is me interested.
This is
you could say volume two doesn't matter because it is a German one, economic encyclopedia, common system of land, house and land countries, what heter it, what heter it, what heter it, what heter it, what heter it, what heter it, what heter it, what heter it, what heter it, science.
Science, yes.
This is an encyclopedia.
German one, Belgians, about 1870.
It comes down here, goes here.
All those volumes.
This one takes time.
Yes, and this is the last volume here.
How many years later?
1850.
So it's 90 years later.
Tell them about the Vatican Library, that subject.
You want them to see that?
What I try to usually say, but mostly in Swedish, is that I use this one quite often, because it has good articles that I could use for researchers.
But one time, we had a researcher in the wood history, forest history, and he was interested in that this German is called Versugflesche, this is...
research areas for scientific research in forest research.
It began in Eberswand in about 1840.
But when I should look up it here, I didn't find it, because we haven't got every volume.
So we're missing three or four volumes.
So for Suslice, I couldn't find them.
So this is a 90-year project.
Yes.
And what's the title of the project?
Yes, you could look at it.
1762 to 1852, right?
I speak in Swedish for a while.
1773?
The man who told me, he will soon talk about the 200-year project they will launch.
Tell them about the 200-year project that we launched.
And it's a comparison.
That's right, yes.
But how does that translate?
Dictionary.
Dictionary, yes.
Was this just one editor or a succession of editors?
No.
Several guys.
Later worked on by... What project was this?
What country did this?
German.
Yes, up to 1852.
And maybe some years later.
Who is the original editor?
Did you get the name of that?
Yes.
Krizz.
You can go on.
K.R.
German Y. N. K.R.
German Y. N. I.
The double S. It's S, L, F, O, S. Yeah, there's Z, Z, Z. K, U, R, I, Z. Probably that, or maybe two, double S. Double S. Double S. They have one character for that?
That's right.
Yes.
And when we're here, we should look at something, this is more dull, but I want to speak about it later on.
This is the R-sheet.
But I'm going to speak about this later than we come up to the library.
The good thing with this is that it's organized for research.
Not beautiful, but practical.
Yes, you can speak about that.
We have put everything, this list and everything, out on the internet.
I've done that work.
So you work with this library, Nicholas?
Yes, sometimes.
Yes.
Are we going upstairs?
Is there a men's rest room down here?
The whole house was rebuilt to suit the academies.
When did the academy move in here?
So late as 1972.
I see.
So we were on one address in 150 years, 17 years, and since 1972, this one.
Here we have a short booklet about the academy that's not so... And it's in English too?
Yes.
Really?
That's what helps a writer.
This writer, yes.
I think I should say a few words about what I'm working with here.
And as I said, it's the academy looking forward in the first hand.
Only, we say, 10% or something like that is looking backwards.
But the academy has always been interested in its own history and the history of the agriculture and forestry that has been so important for the feeding of the population and the country's welfare.
But it's only about 10 years ago since the Academy decided that this library should be specialized on the history of agriculture and forestry.
And then I came in the picture, and I've been working with it since.
And as we are here, I usually say that we have four legs.
And that one is a library for research and history things.
It is the archive, it's the publication, and it's the network.
The library, here we are sitting in the library room, here you look at this from the Nordic countries printed after 1850.
We also have already seen the old collection, but the great collection, I think you should avoid because we don't have to run around the house too much, you find it in the attic.
And we have a lot of literature about time, about the times when things were new.
But what we, the last 10 years, we are buying literature about old times, as we call secondary literature.
And I've placed some around here, so you only could hastily look at.
maybe especially those ones that are some pieces from our bibliography or graphical collection so and we about say between 80 and 90 percent quality there whereby are in english french and german and the
Only a few percent is in Swedish because it's a little published.
So we buy some Danish, some Finnish, and Swedish, of course.
And we try to buy a lot of, not only in English, that is the most common second language here, but also in German and French.
So the researchers could find somewhere in the country a good collection in their something.
And all the literature we are cataloging in the international electronic data catalog, Libris, that is the home is in the Royal Library.
So while you are sitting in the country, you could by internet go in in this Libris and see all the books that are in the research libraries and you'll sometimes find the letter
Or G, that is the A, sorry, this library.
So then you could order the book if you're sitting in the south of Sweden, north of Sweden, or somewhere else.
But not to post a restante.
No, only if you have a good address yourself.
So I think that you could use only a few minutes, go around and see.
I want to pick out the English,
language with books here taken down from the attic.
So you can see what sort of books we are buying.
And the second leg is, as I said, the archive.
And it is not only the Academy's archive, but only up to the, from 1811 to about 1920, it was a collection of the development of the
agriculture and forestry in all the country.
So it's more interesting than you could think in the first time.
So it's used a lot of research.
The third is that we are publishing... The library has its own historical theory.
For example...
So you do those?
Yes.
And we always try to find the sort of individuality that makes it a sort of mixture between humanism and the history, the ordinary history on one side, and the people working with the natural sciences on the other side, a sort of mixture.
And mostly they are in Swedish.
Some articles are only in English.
Usually a collection of essays.
Pardon?
Yes, usually.
It's probably a quarterly.
No, it's not a quarterly.
It gives out about six volumes a year.
Really?
You give six a year?
Yes.
And just now we have changed, going down to smaller size and hard bound, so more looking as a book.
And who are the buyers?
The buyers are, of course, the researchers of several parts of history.
And, as I said, even researchers of modern science in our areas.
that are interested to see how things develop earlier.
So, for example, this one, in two volumes, it is about how you use leaves and small parts of trees for feeding creatures.
We have sold in 1,400 cuppes.
Impressive.
Yes, 100 cuppes.
1,400.
Using leaves and what else?
In Swedish.
I think we have some articles in English so you could see.
One moment.
200 just to build that connection.
But that article is in Swedish.
No?
History of traces and chopping or polluting in Scania's house.
Shrapping and collect?
No, I used to.
Here, you can find one English... No, no, that's an article in 90 pages, so that's not an abstract.
History and traces of... I don't even know.
History and traces of... Coppicing.
Coppicing, yeah.
C-O-P-P-I-C-I-N-G-L-O-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R-I-R
and pollarding.
I don't know that one either.
P-O-L-I-N-E-R.
Those two volumes deals about how you could use trees for agriculture.
Feeding, for example, for houseboundry and so on.
Of course, these must be fallen trees.
You cut them.
Cut them.
And use, dry it.
and feed the cows and the horses and so on during the winter.
I see.
Even in Britain and so on, but mostly in the northern countries.
I would think so, because in my country, trees are becoming very scarce now.
They're making it very much difficult to harvest trees.
Yeah.
The last examples were directly after the Second World War.
And back from the Stone Age.
Oh, I see.
So that's not guidance for what to do now.
No, no, no, nothing.
That's what I was saying.
Different examples, and how they change the landscapes, how trees develop, and how people use trees in different ways in agriculture.
They're only one example.
There are others, for example, if I should, for example, we are publishing old manuscripts about veterinary sciences.
They comment in different ways and so on.
But that's our third leg.
And the fourth leg is, as I said, it is network to promote and work for people
So our interest in historical questions works just with agricultural historical questions.
And we have a network around in Scandinavia at first hand and even in other countries to get the interest of those questions to rise.
Keep them informed.
We are having seminars and symposiums and we are publishing even other titles and those and so on.
to have a focus on this question.
And the academy is paying itself for this library and all this work is coming from the academy's pocket.
So this is a private library and it comes from the nations as the academy lives on private money itself.
And the academy is probably generally funded by the farmers, by the agriculture.
No, no.
No rents from donations.
Yes, we are living on rents from donations.
So we are a free academy.
Therefore, I could, for example, in my way, I could always choose which books I want to give out or which books I want to buy.
The Collegium are interested in
that things are developing in a good way, but there are free hands to organize the work or the library.
And we are, it depends on your count, but we are a few persons that are working here for full time and some on projects.
And this...
Yes, of course.
These publications are usually paying for themselves.
Yes.
About even or a bit better.
We are looking for monies in other donations and so on, and we are selling them.
Because we are not giving them away.
Because if people are not interested to buy them for the sum, we don't think they have the right interest.
So those 1,400, about a very old subject, they are to 95% are sold.
And that, for example, if you go back to it for a short moment, sorry, you could see we joined a lot of organizations here that were spreading inside that organization.
And there are historical organizations and there are organizations you
Working with the landscape and so on.
And environmental organizations.
Would these publications work without the library?
I mean, what's the connection between the library and the... It is that, as I said a bit earlier, that we are... Our first aim is not to get people to borrow books or visit us.
It is to promote the studies, the research, or the history of the culture.
So all those four things are mixed together in different ways.
And it's quite often that we are promoting some researching that with them giving out in one text earlier, and then later on.
So this does not exactly build on the library, but it's at the same level.
Yes, this section of the academy.
We are mixing with those four legs or divisions.
It's a library concept.
Yes, it is.
This is a way to survive.
This is to be small but beautiful.
Do you know anything to compare with?
Yes, this is basically an introduction for me.
But we have a sort of big brother here in Sweden in the technical university.
Technological University, they have a historical part.
And from this part, they have grown up a whole institution for studying the history of technology and those sorts of sciences.
Yes.
But we are only a small brother.
Yes, that's what I think I would mention about what I'm doing.
I see Jacob Pontes from Wolfson.
Yes, this is an abstract of a bibliographical... It's an English summary.
Yes, an English summary.
I think this is something which could be very interesting because it's a unique example of missing the book of the title in the 18th century.
Did you have a title?
Yes.
Thank you.
It's about one o'clock.
I don't know.
I've got a car coming in to 30.
We're an integrated bookseller, right?
These aren't books for sale or anything like that.
You're performing a bibliographical service here.
These are not for sale.
Researcher and consultant.
Yes, yes.
I'm a consultant.
Here you see a copy of Paracelsus, which had belonged to Adam.
And your copy of Palmberg, the first Swedish book on Swedish Herber, Illustrated Herber.
It was also Hohen's copy.
He had a really tremendous... As a bookseller, is this man a model for professional...
The commentaries are a bit long to be in a booksellers catalogue, I think, but Ovid does a booksellers catalogue of that kind.
And do you do a tremendous amount of research for each of these books?
Yes, of course.
And your own reference library?
Yes.
But you think you said there's about 30,000 or 40,000 volumes, is that what you said earlier?
Yes, I have a lot of reference libraries.
My first catalogue for the Karolinska Institute I started with one of the greatest exhibitions ever after the war I think on the Royal Library It was filled up with old anatomical books with hand-cutted plates
from woodcut, from copper plates, from hand-coloured lithographs, up to photography.
And this is an exhibition catalogue.
I can send that also, but this is in Swedish.
So why did you decide to do these in English?
I sell about 2% of the catalogues in Sweden, the rest of the other world.
There are very few people interested in old books in Sweden.
It's better released?
advanced level, for some reason.
It would be a ruin to publish in Swedish.
I would sell no copy at all.
But now, these books aren't meant for sale, though.
The catalogs?
No, the books are not for sale, which I described, but the catalogs are for sale.
I have a small part of the edition, but it's sold by the Swedish Society of Medicine and the Karolinska Institute and the Gymnastic Institute and the Pharmaceutical Society.
But I think I bought from them most of the books.
And because I have got many orders, because I have about 30 book reviews of each in international press.
Michelin, magnificent.
Bulletin of the History of Medicine, the British Journal of History of Medicine and so on, Medical History from Wellcome Institute and so on.
And also many from Italy and Switzerland and Germany and so on, but very, very, very little interest from Sweden.
But yet you've got beautiful books.
It's kind of a paradox, isn't it?
Yes, would it take to take some with?
This one?
But I can send the others.
I'd love to take one of them either on the airplane.
You would like to take them because they're rather heavy to have as a hand.
So would you inscribe this one to me?
Yes.
Tit for tat.